You saved me again
Chen Hao found you, I'm sorry
With him, very weak
Not suitable for acupuncture
The treatment of burning volcanoes is better for the body
Contact me again, Miss Ye.
The qi on this person is so familiar
Wang Wan who is he?
This is what I treated before.
But the feng shui master I rejected
It was him
Miss Ye
Your house is not very good for feng shui, right?
This eastern willow blocks the sun
It is yang qi that converts yin
Although the fish pond in the west gathers wealth
But the moisture
This damp double evil
In the long run, it is a danger to the owner of the house to love
As long as I remove this evil spirit for you
Then you have to send it for me. Bah
Boy, do you dare to question me?
I just think the layout of this house
Just a little problem
Don't affect Miss Ye
Yellow-haired boy, what is your identity?
Dare to talk about it here
It doesn't matter who I am
The important thing is that someone moved the house
As a result, Miss Ye was entangled by the evil energy
body
Is there any way to crack it?
Boy, don't pretend you understand my upper body
afraid
What is this?